Prevent client-side navigation for method="dialog" (#9327)
withastro/astro: .changeset/rich-keys-rescue.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> View Transitions no longer respond to events emitted from form with method "dialog"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an edge case for `<form method="dialog">` when using View Transitions. Forms with `method="dialog"` no longer require an additional `data-astro-reload` attribute.
```
